Sg/docs restructure (#10015)
opencv/cvat: site/content/en/docs/api_sdk/api/_index.md

- Versioning our APIs. It should be done when you delete an endpoint or modify
  its behaviors. Versioning uses a schema with `Accept` header with vendor media type.

> ## REST API Guide

Reviewer: Consider polishing the text in the section a little bit.

- Versioning our APIs. It should be done when you delete an endpoint or modify
  its behaviors. Versioning uses a schema with `Accept` header with vendor media type.

## Playground

Sometimes, it may be necessary to send customized requests or
simply test some endpoints available on the server.
It's possible to send custom requests to a CVAT server directly from
your web browser without special extensions. This can be done at
the Swagger page provided by the server. The page is available at
`<cvat_host>/api/swagger` (e.g. https://app.cvat.ai/api/swagger).
The Swagger page provides the autogenerated documentation,
supports multiple authentication options and allows sending
custom requests to various server endpoints.

> To access swagger documentation you need to be authorized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The page doesn't require authentication

> Swagger documentation is visible on allowed hosts, Update environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Swagger documentation is visible on allowed hosts.
If necessary, the list can be modified by updating the environment
```
